Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to make our data dynamic.
You can see for now we are having just this test which says men.
So what we can do, we can create a list of categories.
Names like to do that over a year.
We can create a list.
You can just go ahead and specify the type of variable it is a type of list.
And all these are tests.
So we could also go further and say we are sorry.
We are expecting strings.
And now we can call this.
I said, Well, maybe we could we could just say, let's call it, and it's going to be equal to this.
Sorry, no strings but string.
Okay.
And not just in McAllen.
And the first item is going to be man.
The second item can be women.
We can just use a capital letter.
And they said item could be maybe shoes.
And maybe kids got surgeries.
And maybe electronics.
And like.
True.
Next, hopefully I can spell that or you can just create that yourself.
Okay.
Now we are going to need to use this variable called.
Heighton writes, okay.
So instead of this, we can just get rid of this.
And on the score item, we are basically making this a private variable so we can't assess it as this
file.
And.
Had this and now we have to pass this index via.
In this.
Okay.
Just control and save now.
And go check it out.
You're going to see different categories.
Name over year.
Queue.
We just have to wait for this a bit.
Okay.
We have in this era.
And the reason for this era, you can see why we said we need.
Seven item, right.
And you can see it is not up to seven.
We basically have one, two, three, four, five.
So what we could also do, instead of using the static data, we could get rid of this and say on the
score item.
Item dot length.
Okay.
So this is going to give us a length, which is currently five.
Hopefully you can see now we have five.